# This file was autogenerated by uv via the following command:
#    uv pip compile setup.py
accelerate==1.10.1
    # via peft
aiohappyeyeballs==2.6.1
    # via aiohttp
aiohttp==3.12.15
    # via fsspec
aiosignal==1.4.0
    # via aiohttp
alembic==1.16.5
    # via optuna
annotated-types==0.7.0
    # via pydantic
antlr4-python3-runtime==4.9.3
    # via omegaconf
anyio==4.10.0
    # via httpx
asteroid-filterbanks==0.4.0
    # via pyannote-audio
attrs==25.3.0
    # via aiohttp
blobfile==3.0.0
    # via batchalign (setup.py)
certifi==2025.8.3
    # via
    #   httpcore
    #   httpx
    #   requests
cffi==1.17.1
    # via soundfile
charset-normalizer==3.4.3
    # via requests
click==8.2.1
    # via
    #   batchalign (setup.py)
    #   nltk
    #   rich-click
    #   typer
colorlog==6.9.0
    # via optuna
contourpy==1.3.3
    # via matplotlib
cycler==0.12.1
    # via matplotlib
docopt==0.6.2
    # via
    #   num2words
    #   pyannote-metrics
    #   pyannote-pipeline
einops==0.8.1
    # via pyannote-audio
emoji==2.14.1
    # via stanza
filelock==3.19.1
    # via
    #   blobfile
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   pyannote-pipeline
    #   torch
    #   transformers
fonttools==4.59.2
    # via matplotlib
frozenlist==1.7.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   aiosignal
fsspec==2025.7.0
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   lightning
    #   pytorch-lightning
    #   torch
googletrans==4.0.2
    # via batchalign (setup.py)
h11==0.16.0
    # via httpcore
h2==4.3.0
    # via httpx
hf-xet==1.1.9
    # via huggingface-hub
hpack==4.1.0
    # via h2
httpcore==1.0.9
    # via httpx
httpx==0.28.1
    # via googletrans
huggingface-hub==0.34.4
    # via
    #   accelerate
    #   peft
    #   pyannote-audio
    #   speechbrain
    #   tokenizers
    #   transformers
hyperframe==6.1.0
    # via h2
hyperpyyaml==1.2.2
    # via speechbrain
idna==3.10
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   httpx
    #   requests
    #   yarl
jinja2==3.1.6
    # via torch
joblib==1.5.2
    # via
    #   nltk
    #   scikit-learn
    #   speechbrain
julius==0.2.7
    # via torch-audiomentations
kiwisolver==1.4.9
    # via matplotlib
lightning==2.5.3
    # via pyannote-audio
lightning-utilities==0.15.2
    # via
    #   lightning
    #   pytorch-lightning
    #   torchmetrics
llvmlite==0.44.0
    # via
    #   batchalign (setup.py)
    #   numba
lxml==6.0.1
    # via blobfile
mako==1.3.10
    # via alembic
markdown-it-py==4.0.0
    # via rich
markupsafe==3.0.2
    # via
    #   jinja2
    #   mako
matplotlib==3.10.5
    # via
    #   batchalign (setup.py)
    #   pyannote-metrics
mdurl==0.1.2
    # via markdown-it-py
more-itertools==10.7.0
    # via openai-whisper
mpmath==1.3.0
    # via sympy
multidict==6.6.4
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
narwhals==2.2.0
    # via plotly
networkx==3.5
    # via
    #   stanza
    #   torch
nltk==3.9.1
    # via batchalign (setup.py)
num2words==0.5.14
    # via batchalign (setup.py)
numba==0.61.2
    # via
    #   batchalign (setup.py)
    #   openai-whisper
numpy==2.2.0
    # via
    #   batchalign (setup.py)
    #   accelerate
    #   asteroid-filterbanks
    #   contourpy
    #   matplotlib
    #   numba
    #   openai-whisper
    #   optuna
    #   pandas
    #   peft
    #   praat-parselmouth
    #   pyannote-core
    #   pyannote-metrics
    #   pytorch-metric-learning
    #   scikit-learn
    #   scipy
    #   speechbrain
    #   stanza
    #   tensorboardx
    #   torchmetrics
    #   transformers
omegaconf==2.3.0
    # via
    #   batchalign (setup.py)
    #   pyannote-audio
openai-whisper==20250625
    # via batchalign (setup.py)
optuna==4.5.0
    # via pyannote-pipeline
packaging==25.0
    # via
    #   accelerate
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   lightning
    #   lightning-utilities
    #   matplotlib
    #   optuna
    #   peft
    #   plotly
    #   pytorch-lightning
    #   speechbrain
    #   tensorboardx
    #   torch-pitch-shift
    #   torchmetrics
    #   transformers
pandas==2.3.2
    # via
    #   pyannote-database
    #   pyannote-metrics
peft==0.17.1
    # via stanza
pillow==11.3.0
    # via matplotlib
plotly==6.3.0
    # via batchalign (setup.py)
praat-parselmouth==0.4.6
    # via batchalign (setup.py)
praatio==6.0.1
    # via batchalign (setup.py)
primepy==1.3
    # via torch-pitch-shift
propcache==0.3.2
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
protobuf==6.32.0
    # via
    #   stanza
    #   tensorboardx
psutil==7.0.0
    # via
    #   accelerate
    #   peft
pyannote-audio==3.3.2
    # via batchalign (setup.py)
pyannote-core==5.0.0
    # via
    #   pyannote-audio
    #   pyannote-database
    #   pyannote-metrics
    #   pyannote-pipeline
pyannote-database==5.1.3
    # via
    #   pyannote-audio
    #   pyannote-metrics
    #   pyannote-pipeline
pyannote-metrics==3.2.1
    # via pyannote-audio
pyannote-pipeline==3.0.1
    # via pyannote-audio
pycountry==24.6.1
    # via batchalign (setup.py)
pycparser==2.22
    # via cffi
pycryptodomex==3.23.0
    # via blobfile
pydantic==2.11.7
    # via batchalign (setup.py)
pydantic-core==2.33.2
    # via pydantic
pydub==0.25.1
    # via batchalign (setup.py)
pyfiglet==1.0.2
    # via batchalign (setup.py)
pygments==2.19.2
    # via rich
pyparsing==3.2.3
    # via matplotlib
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via
    #   matplotlib
    #   pandas
pytorch-lightning==2.5.3
    # via lightning
pytorch-metric-learning==2.9.0
    # via pyannote-audio
pytz==2025.2
    # via pandas
pyyaml==6.0.2
    # via
    #   accelerate
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   hyperpyyaml
    #   lightning
    #   omegaconf
    #   optuna
    #   peft
    #   pyannote-database
    #   pyannote-pipeline
    #   pytorch-lightning
    #   transformers
regex==2025.7.34
    # via
    #   nltk
    #   tiktoken
    #   transformers
requests==2.32.5
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   rev-ai
    #   stanza
    #   tiktoken
    #   transformers
rev-ai==2.21.0
    # via batchalign (setup.py)
rich==13.9.4
    # via
    #   batchalign (setup.py)
    #   pyannote-audio
    #   rich-click
    #   typer
rich-click==1.8.9
    # via batchalign (setup.py)
ruamel-yaml==0.18.15
    # via hyperpyyaml
ruamel-yaml-clib==0.2.12
    # via ruamel-yaml
safetensors==0.6.2
    # via
    #   accelerate
    #   peft
    #   transformers
scikit-learn==1.7.1
    # via
    #   pyannote-metrics
    #   pyannote-pipeline
    #   pytorch-metric-learning
scipy==1.16.1
    # via
    #   batchalign (setup.py)
    #   pyannote-core
    #   pyannote-metrics
    #   scikit-learn
    #   speechbrain
semver==3.0.4
    # via pyannote-audio
sentencepiece==0.2.1
    # via
    #   batchalign (setup.py)
    #   speechbrain
setuptools==80.9.0
    # via
    #   batchalign (setup.py)
    #   lightning-utilities
shellingham==1.5.4
    # via typer
six==1.17.0
    # via
    #   python-dateutil
    #   rev-ai
    #   websocket-client
sniffio==1.3.1
    # via anyio
sortedcontainers==2.4.0
    # via pyannote-core
soundfile==0.12.1
    # via
    #   batchalign (setup.py)
    #   pyannote-audio
speechbrain==1.0.3
    # via pyannote-audio
sqlalchemy==2.0.43
    # via
    #   alembic
    #   optuna
stanza==1.10.1
    # via batchalign (setup.py)
sympy==1.14.0
    # via
    #   pyannote-metrics
    #   torch
tabulate==0.9.0
    # via pyannote-metrics
tensorboardx==2.6.4
    # via pyannote-audio
threadpoolctl==3.6.0
    # via scikit-learn
tiktoken==0.11.0
    # via
    #   batchalign (setup.py)
    #   openai-whisper
tokenizers==0.21.4
    # via
    #   batchalign (setup.py)
    #   transformers
torch==2.8.0
    # via
    #   batchalign (setup.py)
    #   accelerate
    #   asteroid-filterbanks
    #   julius
    #   lightning
    #   openai-whisper
    #   peft
    #   pyannote-audio
    #   pytorch-lightning
    #   pytorch-metric-learning
    #   speechbrain
    #   stanza
    #   torch-audiomentations
    #   torch-pitch-shift
    #   torchaudio
    #   torchmetrics
torch-audiomentations==0.12.0
    # via pyannote-audio
torch-pitch-shift==1.2.5
    # via torch-audiomentations
torchaudio==2.8.0
    # via
    #   batchalign (setup.py)
    #   pyannote-audio
    #   speechbrain
    #   torch-audiomentations
    #   torch-pitch-shift
torchmetrics==1.8.1
    # via
    #   lightning
    #   pyannote-audio
    #   pytorch-lightning
tqdm==4.67.1
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   lightning
    #   nltk
    #   openai-whisper
    #   optuna
    #   peft
    #   pyannote-pipeline
    #   pytorch-lightning
    #   pytorch-metric-learning
    #   speechbrain
    #   stanza
    #   transformers
transformers==4.55.4
    # via
    #   batchalign (setup.py)
    #   peft
    #   stanza
typer==0.16.1
    # via pyannote-database
typing-extensions==4.15.0
    # via
    #   batchalign (setup.py)
    #   aiosignal
    #   alembic
    #   anyio
    #   asteroid-filterbanks
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   lightning
    #   lightning-utilities
    #   praatio
    #   pyannote-core
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-core
    #   pytorch-lightning
    #   rich-click
    #   sqlalchemy
    #   torch
    #   typer
    #   typing-inspection
typing-inspection==0.4.1
    # via pydantic
tzdata==2025.2
    # via pandas
urllib3==2.5.0
    # via
    #   blobfile
    #   requests
websocket-client==0.59.0
    # via rev-ai
yarl==1.20.1
    # via aiohttp
